Division Order
Property Number 102817
Property Name PAYNE 1-10H
Operator CONTINENTAL RESOURCES INC
County and State BLAINE COUNTY, OK
Property Description SEC 10-T13N-R13W
SPACING UNIT 640
Production XOil XGasDate: 06/10/2025
Effective Date: 06/10/2025
Owner Name BLUE SKY MINERALS LP
Address 2100 ROSS AVE LB-9
SUITE 1870
DALLAS TX 75201Owner Number 331546603
Royalty Int 0.00822752
The undersigned certifies the ownership of their decimal interest in proceeds as described above payable by Continental Resources Inc.
Continental Resources, Inc. shall be notified in writing, of change of ownership, decimal interest, or payment address.
All such changes shall be effective the first day of the month following receipt of such notice, Continental Resources, Inc, is authorized 
to withhold payment pending resolution of a title dispute or adverse claim asserted regarding interest in production claimed herein by 
the undersigned. The undersigned agrees to indemnify and reimburse Continental Resources, Inc. any amount attributable to an interest 
the undersigned does not own.
Continental Resources, Inc. may accrue proceeds until the total amount equals $100.00, or pay annually, whichever occurs first, or as 
required by applicable state statute. In accordance to state statute, you may make a written request for payments in excess of $25.00 to 
be made monthly.
The Division Order does not amend any lease or operating agreement between the undersigned and the lessee or operator or any other 
contract for the purchase of oil and gas.
In addition to the terms and conditions of this Division Order, the undersigned and Continental Resources, Inc. may have certain 
statutory rights under the laws of the state in which the property is located.
Special Clauses:
Owner(s) Signature(s):
Owner(s) Tax ID Number(s):
Owner(s) Phone Number(s):
Owner(s) Email Address:
Federal Law Requires you to furnish your Social Security or Taxpayer Identification Number
Failure to comply will result in 24% tax withholding and will not be refundable by Continental Resources, Inc.
SORETURN THIS COPY100001
Division Order
Property Number 102817
Property Name PAYNE 1-10H
Operator CONTINENTAL RESOURCES INC
County and State BLAINE COUNTY, OK
Property Description SEC 10-T13N-R13W
SPACING UNIT 640
Production XOil XGasDate: 06/10/2025
Effective Date: 06/10/2025
Owner Name BLUE SKY MINERALS LP
Address 2100 ROSS AVE LB-9
SUITE 1870
DALLAS TX 75201Owner Number 331546603
Royalty Int 0.00822752
The undersigned certifies the ownership of their decimal interest in proceeds as described above payable by Continental Resources Inc.
Continental Resources, Inc. shall be notified in writing, of change of ownership, decimal interest, or payment address.
All such changes shall be effective the first day of the month following receipt of such notice, Continental Resources, Inc, is authorized 
to withhold payment pending resolution of a title dispute or adverse claim asserted regarding interest in production claimed herein by 
the undersigned. The undersigned agrees to indemnify and reimburse Continental Resources, Inc. any amount attributable to an interest 
the undersigned does not own.
Continental Resources, Inc. may accrue proceeds until the total amount equals $100.00, or pay annually, whichever occurs first, or as 
required by applicable state statute. In accordance to state statute, you may make a written request for payments in excess of $25.00 to 
be made monthly.
The Division Order does not amend any lease or operating agreement between the undersigned and the lessee or operator or any other 
contract for the purchase of oil and gas.
In addition to the terms and conditions of this Division Order, the undersigned and Continental Resources, Inc. may have certain 
statutory rights under the laws of the state in which the property is located.
Special Clauses:
Owner(s) Signature(s):
Owner(s) Tax ID Number(s):
Owner(s) Phone Number(s):
Owner(s) Email Address:
Federal Law Requires you to furnish your Social Security or Taxpayer Identification Number
Failure to comply will result in 24% tax withholding and will not be refundable by Continental Resources, Inc.
SOKEEP THIS COPY000002
Dear Interest Owner:
Continental Resources, Inc. is the operator of an oil or gas well in which records indicate the owner named on the 
enclosed form has an interest. 
We are attaching two (2) copies of your Division Order.  The  Division Order includes the property description, your 
name, address, interest type and the decimal interest in which revenue will be disbursed.  We intend to pay proceeds 
according to the information listed on this Division Order.
Please take the following steps to help ensure you receive correct proceeds based on your interest:
· Verify your name and that you are still the correct owner to whom payment should be made. 
(Continental Resources cannot be bound by ownership changes until it has received written notice with 
copies of all recorded instruments or documents and other information necessary to establish a complete 
chain of record title.)
· Verify your address is still the correct address where payment should be sent.  (Please notify 
Continental Resources Division Order department in writing as soon as possible if your mailing address 
changes.)
· Verify your decimal ownership interest is correct.  (The royalty interest decimal can be calculated by 
taking the owner’s net mineral acres divided by the unit acres listed on the Division Order multiplied by the 
owner’s royalty rate found on the owner’s lease.  If the well is a multi-unit well in Oklahoma consisting of 
two or more sections, the royalty interest decimal is calculated per section by taking the owner's net mineral 
acres divided by the total number of acres in the section multiplied by the lease rate as mentioned above then 
multiplied by the allocation factor percentage associated with the same section.  If the ownership is held in 
more than one section, complete the above calculations separately for each section then combine the 
decimals to arrive at the royalty interest.  The allocation factor will be listed following the property 
description on the Division Order.)
· Sign the Division Order, make any corrections necessary, and return all documents in the enclosed 
self-addressed envelope.
If your interest is subject to a title requirement, a copy of the requirement is enclosed herein.  Please note your 
account will remain in suspense and revenue will not be disbursed until all title requirements have been satisfied.    
For questions, please note the following:
· For general information and FAQ’s, please visit www.clr.com/owners .
· If you have questions regarding your Division Order, payments, check details or 1099’s, please contact 
Owner Relations at (405) 774-5257.
· If you have any questions regarding Joint Interest Billings, please contact the JIB Department at (405) 
234-9414.
· You can sign up for direct deposit or update your address through www.EnergyLink.com . You will be able 
to setup an account once you receive your first revenue payment.
Sincerely,
Division Order Department
405-234-9215
Divord@clr.com
Enclosures
P.O. Box 269091  Oklahoma City, OK 73126
405.774-5257 www.clr.com200003
SALE OF YOUR INTEREST
For a full or partial conveyance of a 
mineral, royalty, overriding royalty or 
working interest, furnish:
· A copy of the conveyance 
document recorded in the county 
and state where the producing 
property is located.
Continental’s policy prevents the transfer 
of payments without a copy of the 
recorded deed, or conveyance or 
assignment.
WHEN AN OWNER DIES
When an owner dies without a will ,
Furnish as many of the following 
documents:
· Death Certificate
· Letters of Administration
· Order determining heirship and 
distribution; and/or
· Affidavit of Heirship
Individual state laws on descent and 
distribution differ.  Continental will 
inform you if additional information is 
needed.
When an owner dies with a will  which 
has been admitted to probate proceedings  
in the same state where the producing  
property is located , furnish as many of the 
following documents as are appropriate in 
your state:
· Death Certificate
· Application for probate;
· Copy of the Will;
· Order admitting the will to 
Probate;
· Letter Testamentary;
· Final court decree distributing the 
assets and closing administration 
of the estate;
· Copies of any appropriate 
recorded conveyances.
In some situations, other 
documentation as determined by 
Continental Division Order 
Department may be needed.When an owner dies with a will  which has 
been admitted to probate proceedings in a  
state other than that where the producing  
property is located , record exemplified 
copies of the following documents in the 
state where the producing property is 
located and furnish Continental copies of 
the recorded instruments:
· Application for probate;
· Copy of the Will;
· Order admitting the Will to 
Probate;
· Letters Testamentary;
· Final court decree distributing the 
assets and closing administration 
on the estate;
· Copies of any appropriate 
recorded conveyances.
In some states, in the place of the above, 
Ancillary Probate Proceedings in the state 
where the producing property is located 
are required.  Our Division Order 
Department can help you in determining 
the information needed.
TERMINATION OF JOINT  
TENANCY UPON DEATH
Continental will need a copy of the death 
certificate.  Please furnish the new social 
security or tax identification number for 
the joint tenant.
LIFE TENANT DIES
When an owner of a life estate dies, 
Continental will need a copy of the death 
certificate and the names, addresses and 
social security numbers of the persons 
who own the remainder and who succeed 
to the interest.  
In some situations, Continental will need 
further information including the 
documents that created the life tenancy 
and named the successors.NAME CHANGES
When an individual’s name changes 
because of marriage, divorce, etc…furnish 
Continental with a copy of the marriage 
certificate, divorce decree or other 
document effecting the name change.
When a company or corporation changes 
its name, Continental will require a copy 
of the Certificate of Name Change.  If the 
change is due to a merger, please furnish a 
copy of the Certificate of Merger.
CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP
 DUE TO DIVORCE
Continental will need a copy of the 
divorce decree and copies of recorded 
conveyances.
TRUSTS
When a trust is created Continental will 
require copies of the Trust Agreement and 
the recorded conveyance to the trust.
When the trust is dissolved we will need a 
copy of the Instrument of Dissolution and 
appropriate recorded conveyances.
GUARDIANSHIPS
When an owner is declared incompetent, 
please furnish Letters of Guardianship 
issued by the local court.
When a minor reaches the legal age, all 
we need is a copy of the minor’s birth 
certificate.
BANKRUPTCY
Continental will need copies of the court 
order appointing the Trustee, if 
appropriate, the appropriate recorded 
conveyances and the court order 
confirming any sales.
